Added ConvNeXt Tiny model (#3419)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/convnext-tiny/README.md

# convnext-tiny

## Use Case and High-Level Description

> The `convnext-tiny` model is one of the family of pure ConvNet models dubbed ConvNeXt for image classification task. The model is pre-trained on the ImageNet dataset. The `convnext-tiny` model is a tiny version of ConvNeXt models with number of channels [96, 192, 384, 768] and number of blocks [3, 3, 9, 3] at each stage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `convnext-tiny` model is tiny version of ConvNext model, constructed entirely from standard ConvNet modules. ConvNeXt is accurate, efficient, scalable and very simple in design. The model is pre-trained for image classification task on the ImageNet dataset.
```
